[15.0][MIG] account_multicurrency_revaluation (#197)
OCA/account-closing: account_multicurrency_revaluation/readme/USAGE.rst

To use this module, you need to:

* Check *Allow currency revaluation* on accounts you want to revaluate.
* Open the wizard 'Invoicing > Adviser > Currency Revaluation' to generate the
  revaluation journal entries. It adjusts account balance having
  *Allow currency revaluation* checked.
* Open the report through the following menu:

>   Accounting > Reporting > Legal Reports > Accounting Reports > Print Currency Unrealized

Reviewer: This does not exist

> * Open the wizard 'Invoicing > Adviser > Currency Revaluation' to generate the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Open the wizard Invoicing > Reporting > Closing Entries > Currency Revaluation Report to generate the
```
